Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I can't believe you still have
to stuff your bra. Sommer.
Everybody doesn't
have boobs yet. Brandi.
True. Not everybody can be me.
Plus. Mike's going to be there.
and I'm trying
to lose it tonight.
You're such a whore.
Okay. guys. Come on. Focus.
- Are we all good?
- Yeah.
- I don't know. Brandi.
Don't you think
it's a little mean?
I mean. everyone already
picks on him all the time.
Really. Nicole? You know what?
Forget it. I'll just do it.
You can be left out
while we have all the fun.
Right. ladies?
- Right.
No. no. no. I'm in. I'll do it.
Okay. I knew you weren't stupid.
Okay. everybody. Hands in.
From this night on. you swear to
make a pact to never let boys.
teachers. parents. anyone.
or anything come between us.
Got it?
- Got it.
Whatever happens to us.
we stick together.
Our bond is always
and forever.
Come on.
Say it!
Always and forever.
Hey. hey.
Mom. Hey.
Son. I am so proud of you.
You are everything I hoped for
and even more.
You just make a mother so proud.
Testing. hello.
I just want to say
how truly lucky I am
to have found
this woman of my dreams.
I will love you always
and forever.
Wedding parties do a video.
Hey. hey.
This is my wife now. Back up.
Nicole. what can I say?
You are a princess and Brian.
he's just...
he is Prince Charming. girl.
Hey.
Oh. I just want to say
that I am so happy for you.
You've finally got
what you wanted.
He put a ring on it.
as you deserve.
Just want you to know
that I'm next
and you will be
at my wedding very soon.
Hey. beautiful. It's Sommer.
I just want to wish you
many years of happiness.
and I love you so much.
- Hey. babe.
- Hey.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You know I know you
better than you know yourself.
right?
Come on.
Well then you would know
that I hate it
when you are gone so much.
Babe. we talked about this.
And you know I would have
never even taken that job
if I knew how it was
going to affect you.
I know. It's just
we've both been really busy
and I feel like we haven't been
able to spend any time together.
- I miss you.
- You miss me.
- Yeah.
- Mmm.
- Well. guess what?
- What?
Think I can skip this trip. and
you can have me all to yourself.
- I like that.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Think I'll be a little late.
Tall mocha latte with soy
and a pinch of vanilla.
I know. Are you ever
going to change your order?
At least you know
I'm consistent.
That is true.
Here you go.
and it'll be right out.
- Thank you very much.
- No problem.
Hi.
Nicole?
Oh. my God. Miranda.
- How are you?
Good to see you.
What are you...
Look at you.
First of all. you look amazing.
- Sit down. sit down. please.
- Oh. thank you.
What are you doing here?
Oh. I just came back
from South Africa.
South Africa?
What were you doing there?
Apparently saving animals
has become my life passion now.
- What?
- Can you believe it?
- I know. right?
- Wow. that's amazing.
And I met a guy.
He's a doctor.
I know. Can you believe it? Me?
I never did nerds.
and here I am.
How about you? I haven't
seen you since the wedding.
Married life is everything
I could have asked for
and then some.
You'll have to
come by the house.
Any time.
Number's still the same?
- Yes. yes.
- Okay.
Please call me
so we can catch up.
Definitely.
So good to see you.
- It's good to see you too.
- I'mma let you back to work.
- Alright. Bye. Miranda.
- Bye.
Whoo!
This is going to look so good.
Oh. we gonna get some tonight.
Ohh.
Stupid alarm.
Stupid car.
Hello?
No. no. no. No. no. no.
What up? It's D.
You got me.
Leave your message at the beep.
No!
Help!
In other news.
a woman found dead
at her Los Angeles home
last night.
Sources say it was a suicide.
- Back you. John.
- Oh. my God.
There are growing
questions about possible...
Hey. You okay?
Yeah.
When was the last time
you saw her?
Just yesterday at the café.
Oh.
Suicide? I mean. I just would
never have expected that.
She seemed so happy.
She was raving about this doctor
she'd just met
and how she wanted to
get married and everything.
Mm.
Well. how about this. hmm?
You stop thinking about it.
we order your favorite Chinese.
maybe watch a movie. talk.
get your mind off
the stress of the day?
I like that.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
I just can't believe she's gone.
It's unbelievable.
I'm just like...
Is that Brandi?
Oh.
Brandi Smith.
What a pleasant surprise.
It is nice to see you too.
Sommer.
I see not much has changed.
It's good to see you guys
after all this time.
Sorry I couldn't come
to your wedding. Nicole.
You know. traveling the world.
you know.
Totally understandable.
This must be the lucky guy?
Yes. Brandi. Brian.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
Unfortunate it has
to be this circumstance.
Yeah. it is.
She was good people.
- She was.
- Yeah.
Well. here.
Hey. here's my card.
You both should stop
by the boutique sometime.
- That'd be nice.
- Yeah.
See ya.
Really?
- I cannot stand that girl.
- I know. I know.
- Thanks. babe.
- Yeah.
I'm really sorry
about Miranda. babe.
Yeah.
Ahh.
Please don't stop.
That feels amazing.
Well. you know.
it'd feel a lot better
if you came and got in bed.
It's pretty late.
I know. I have... I have court
in the morning.
I've got to get
this done tonight.
Ah. that's crazy.
You work more than I do.
Yeah. well. at least my job
keeps me in town.
Alright. you got me on that one.
Don't stay up too late. alright?
- Okay.
- Alright.
- I love you.
- Love you too.
This man. Eric Johnson.
violently took the life
of Jason Simone.
Jason was a father.
he was a brother.
He was also someone's son.
Do any of you have children?
What if someone
took away the right
for you to hold
your child again?
To tell them
that you love them.
Now. think about
Jason's children.
They now will have to
grow up without a father
because Eric Johnson
took that from them.
This man has no regard.
no thought.
no forgiveness in his heart.
Now. he may not have had
a perfect childhood.
but who does?
We all go through things in life
that we wish we could fix.
but that's life.
And it does not give one
the right to take it away
because you're not
happy with it.
Thank you very much.
This is $5.000 a bottle.
You did this? Wow.
I'm sure we can find
something sexier.
Alright. this is on me.
You did... is this you?
- This is the really good stuff.
- You did this?
This is the really good stuff.
Yeah. I did this.
Thank you.
By the way. you guys. I'm glad
we were finally able to do this.
Cindy. it's nice
to finally meet you.
And it is so good
to meet you. Nicole.
Roger is always
bragging about you.
I've heard nothing but the best
things about you as well.
Oh. I doubt it.
Roger doesn't say nice things
unless I pay him.
Oh. come on. That's why
she's my best attorney.
Knows exactly what to say
and when to say it.
And. Brian. I've been
meaning to tell you.
ever since you married her.
she's been 10-0 in the
courthouse... never loses.
- Wow.
- Never.
You got it all wrong
though. man.
it's her that makes me better.
Babe. you know you make me...
you make me better. babe.
- Babe. aw.
- Aw. look at it.
Look at it. Look at it.
- How did you guys meet?
- Well. we met on a dating app.
- Dating... yeah.
- Really? What's that?
I don't know what that is.
Sounds cool.
- We didn't need that. dear.
- No. we didn't need that.
But... But. you know. we still
instantly connected.
and I remember when you first
walked into the coffee shop.
- Yes.
- And I looked into your eyes.
and I just knew.
It was as if I'd known you
my whole life.
Yeah. I mean. four months later.
we were married.
and it's been nothing
but happiness ever since.
Okay. a toast to success.
- Yes.
- Success.
- And happy marriage.
- Happy marriage.
Yes. Let's keep those
wins rolling in.
- Yes. please.
- Nice work.
- Upsadaisy. here you go.
- Whoo. oh. my gosh.
My wife is fine. She'll be okay.
Should not have had
that last glass.
Thank you. sir.
- Are you alright?
- Yes.
Safety. hoo!
Now get. wait. wait.
wait. you go first.
Oh. my. gosh.
help me up these stairs. please.
Oh. man.
Is the door open?
Hold on.
Oh. my God.
Call 911. babe.
Jesus Christ.
Hi. Yes. um. I'd like to report
a break-in. please.
Looks good.
Thank you.
We'll square right here.
This is for you.
- Thank you.
- Great job.
What do we have here?
What is this?
- Mm-hmm?
- Okay. look. arm.
- Arm. disarm.
- Disarm.
One. two.
One. two. three. two.
Good. One.
Two. three. two.
- Hey. I'll be right with you.
- Hey. okay.
One. two. One. two. Good.
Cesar. do me a favor
and take over.
- Hey.
- Nicole. right?
- Yes.
Great. How you doing?
Glad you showed up.
- Let's go get some boxing in.
- Alright. yeah.
Hey. I heard what
happened the other night.
Are you guys okay?
Yeah. Well. nothing was stolen.
Brian had
a security system installed.
so I think we'll be fine.
Oh. my God. that is so scary.
I can't imagine.
You know. my neighbor's car
got broken into the other day.
Yes. People are crazy.
Yeah. well. that's why
I started taking kickboxing.
- I don't blame you.
- Yeah. I started yesterday.
I mean. I gotta be able
to protect myself.
And Brian.
Shoot. I might need
to take some with you.
Yeah. come.
It can't hurt. right?
- No. I need to.
- Alright.
so. what have you
got for me today. Tam?
Okay. so Westfield
just filed a motion
and the judge
granted that today.
Harris is getting really.
really close on cracking in
on that Johnson case.
And Chris Simms called you twice
about the Kester case.
- Call him back.
- Mrs. Taylor. Roger called.
He needs you to cover
for him today.
Well. he's got that mediation
at 8:00.
That's in 30 minutes.
You know. Roger really
gets on my nerves.
I'll be in my office
if you need me.
- Thanks. Tam.
- You're welcome.
Hey.
Hey. baby.
You want some breakfast?
Hey. No. I'm good.
Why are you dressed?
I have an emergency
meeting in Phoenix.
- About this new project.
- What?
Actually. Jesus.
I got to run.
My flight's in like two hours.
I got to get to the airport.
H-Hold on.
When did this happen?
I just found out last night.
You told me
you were off last night.
Okay. well. are you forgetting
about your mother's barbecue
that we're supposed
to go to this weekend?
- You can still go.
- What?
- Yeah.
- No.
I'm not going near that woman.
Your mother hates me.
She doesn't hate... Stop.
She doesn't hate you.
She loves you.
Once I move up in the company.
I'll be in more control
of my schedule.
But for now.
I'm on their clock. okay?
Hey. I mean. I could quit
if you want me to.
- I could do that.
- No. it's just that. you know.
I wish you wouldn't
leave me here by myself
after what happened.
I promise I will
make it up to you.
just as soon as I get home.
Hmm?
- You'd better.
- Oh. I better?
- Yeah. you better.
- Oh. come on now. babe.
You know I just put it on
last night
with the candles and bubble bath
and all that. hmm?
Hmm? You know your boy know
what you're doing.
- Go catch your flight.
- Okay.
Be good.
That's good food in there.
Eat that.
Oh. wait.
- Oh.
- Forgot something.
Love you.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
Be good. be good. be good.
Don't bring the afro.
Wait. wait a minute.
- What?
- Why last night.
me and Dante. we was
getting it in. right?
- Uh-huh.
- And when we were done.
he asked what I thought
about marriage.
- Oh. my God.
- I think he's about to ask.
You'd better say yes
and not run him off.
I'm going to say it. I'm not.
I don't run people off.
You'd better not mess this up.
Shut up.
I love him.
Okay. something's wrong with you
'cause you've been sitting here
moping and stuff.
I'm sorry. I'm... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. you guys. I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm just thinking.
Well. stop thinking.
You're messing up the vibe.
Okay. seriously. I want
to ask you guys something.
- Oh. Lord. What?
- Okay.
Do you think that Brian
would cheat on me?
- What?
- Girl. Brian all weird-ass. No.
No. I don't think so.
- What would make you ask that?
- I don't know.
He's just... He's just out of
town on business a lot.
- It's called work. Nicole.
- No.
No. every year
on our anniversary
he always acts a little strange.
But I don't know.
this year something's different.
- Mm.
Did you check his phone?
Look at his e-mails. nothing?
- Did you check his car?
- His car?
Because you never
drive his car.
You always drive your car
when y'all go out.
so maybe he won't think
you'd search in there.
Mm-mm.
Knowing. mm. come on.
Something is in his car.
Let's check.
What?
Locked.
You don't have a spare key?
No. he usually
takes it with him.
Oh.
Well. Brian is your husband.
right?
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Call roadside assistance.
They going to let you in
through the satellite.
- You're shady.
- Mm-hmm.
Alright.
Can't believe I'm doing this.
Roadside Assistance.
How may I help you?
Hi. yes. we are locked
out of our car.
Sure. Can I have
your name. please?
Yes. Brian and Nicole Taylor.
And can I have
the access code?
The code? It's 1212.
Stand by.
Boom.
Exactly. Exactly.
Yeah. it just worked.
Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
Thank me later.
Okay. clearly you've
done that before.
Well. girl. growing up in the
hood. you learn a thing or two.
Okay. Alright. Let's see.
Everything.
Call Paige?
Mm.
Paige.
That's a white girl name. too.
Well. they get on my nerve.
Tammy. Stop.
You are jumping to conclusions.
This doesn't... We don't even
know if this means anything.
- It's just a note.
- Girl. Try your name.
Okay.
Oh. okay.
- What is it? What?
- Bow.
Our names plus
the date of our marriage.
Oh.
Okay. Paige.
No results found.
Okay. Okay. this is good.
This is good.
You should feel good.
Right? You should feel good.
She should feel good.
- Yeah.
- You know what?
I'm sorry. you guys.
I'm being totally paranoid.
- You're right.
- That's okay.
Look. that's what we here for.
to be paranoid with you.
Oh. and I wouldn't tell Brian
anything. not in the least
until you have solid evidence
to prove your case.
- Alright?
- Let's go get us a drink.
'cause you need one
and I need one.
We just all in the man's office.
Girl.
- Got my blood pressure all up.
- Man. he just at work.
Oh. well. if it isn't
my son's beautiful wife.
Come on.
Let me fix you some tea.
So. how are you
and my baby doing?
Honestly.
been a little bit concerned
about all these business trips
he's been leaving on.
My Brian is a busy man.
you know that.
That's what you
signed up for.
And you yourself
as a big-shot attorney.
you're busy too.
Yes. I know. It's just...
I guess I've been wondering
if Brian would ever do anything
to hurt the relationship.
Like?
Have an affair?
No. I highly doubt
that he would be cheating.
An affair. no.
I want to believe that.
Mrs. Taylor.
It's just that. right now.
I mean.
sometimes he's present.
sometimes he's not.
I just... I just don't know
what to do.
A hippo?
Extremely unpredictable.
Making him the most
dangerous mammal in Africa.
- I did not know that.
- Hmm.
Men can be dangerously
unpredictable. but not my Brian.
You'd think after
four years of marriage.
I'd be able to
predict him by now.
Well. why don't you
try talking to him?
You'd be amazed
at how communication
works in a marriage.
I would have have
never been able to be
with my Patrick for 30 years
without communication.
God rest his soul.
Thank you.
I needed to hear that.
Come on. dear.
I'm going to get you
some barbecue.
I'm so glad you came early
so we'd have a chance to chat
and talk before
my loud friends got here.
If you want some flip-flops.
I got some for you.
Thank you.
Alright. babe.
Got to run. got to run.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
Alright.
Let's go. One. two.
One. two. Good.
Nice. Again.
Good. One. two. one. two.
Good. High kick.
Again. again.
Guilty!
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Love you. babe.
- Love you too. Bye.
- See you soon.
Hi. yes. I'm just trying to
access some of my phone records.
and I seem to have
forgotten my password.
Cute. Okay. let's put
that one on the left side.
Let's put that over there
in the front.
- Brandi. hey.
- Nicole Taylor.
What a pleasant surprise.
- What are you doing here?
- Oh. I was in the area.
thought I'd come and check
out the boutique.
- Let me show you around.
- Sure.
So what made you want
to open a boutique here
instead of overseas?
I mean. I know
you were modeling over there.
I was keeping up
with you. girl.
Honestly. I got so wrapped up
in that life that I almost died.
Partying too much. not eating.
trying to stay skinny.
It just was a lot on me.
So I moved back.
I wanted to feel something
familiar again. you know?
Been sober for five years now.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Well. good for you.
- Thanks.
But enough about me.
What about you?
- How's Brian?
- Amazing.
Coming up on our
four-year anniversary.
even though it seems
like only yesterday
he swept me off my feet. so...
I'm so happy for you. Nicole.
I know how much
you've always wanted that.
ever since we were kids.
Yeah. thanks.
You know.
I never got to say sorry
for what happened
at summer camp.
Oh. I mean. come on. Brandi.
We were young and stupid.
You guys may have been.
I wasn't.
- That was in the past.
- I know.
But it affected all of us
that summer.
Camp is boring.
Camp sucks.
No. it doesn't.
- What's up. Devon?
- What's up. bro?
Hello. Nicole.
Hi.
Oh. what's up. Piggy Pete?
Oh. come on. Devon. do you need
to keep making fun of me?
Do you have to bother him?
He's not bothering you.
Nah. just him being here's
bothering me.
Forget you.
Come on. guys. leave him alone!
- You don't have to do that!
- Nicole. stop.
Stop being such a Debbie Downer.
They're only kidding.
Going to go cry
to your mom now. Piggy Peter?
Yeah. Piggy Pete.
go cry to your mom.
Come on. guys. Let's go.
- Let's go. Nicole.
- See you later. pig.
I never meant
for any of that to happen.
Part of me was just being a kid
but the other part knew
I was taking it too far.
Peter was a good kid.
He didn't deserve that.
I mean. we killed him. Nicole.
Look. we've all done things
that we're not proud of.
that we wish we could take back.
But what's done is done.
The important thing now
is what we do as adults.
You're right.
You know what? I should go.
Hey. it was really nice
seeing you. Nicole.
You too. Brandi.
Hey. let's not let any time pass
before we do this again. okay?
Life is too short.
Couldn't agree more.
Looks like she OD'd on heroin.
- Really?
- Girl said she left at 8:45.
came back a few minutes later.
and found her dead.
Shit.
Hi. I'm Detective Tucker.
What's your name?
Jessica.
It's nice to meet you. Jessica.
So... So I understand you left
around 8:00 or so?
I left at 8:45.
Came back 5 or 10 minutes
later to grab my phone.
That's when I found her.
Did you ever see
Miss Smith using drugs?
No. sir.
Did you ever see her
looking distracted.
strange behavior at the job.
or anything to make you feel
like maybe she had
a drug problem?
Never.
If anything. she was
completely against drugs.
This is shocking. honestly.
Alright.
Thank you. Jessica.
This is
a very. very serious matter.
as I'm sure you know.
I talked to a young lady
that worked with her.
and she said that you were
the last one to talk to her
or see her before she died.
Yes. I-I did stop by her store.
- So you knew Brandi?
- Yes. we grew up together.
And you knew
Miranda Smith too. right?
Miranda. Brandi.
our other friend Sommer.
- We were inseparable as kids.
- How close were you?
Okay. why is any of this
necessary. Detective?
- I'm just doing my job.
- Babe. it's okay.
- Babe.
- It's okay.
How close were you all?
Well. we went to elementary
school together. summer camp.
We were close as kids.
but honestly
we hadn't really seen each other
for a few years until recently.
Got it.
So she never mentioned to you
anything that would
make you feel like
she was going to relapse?
No. Nothing at all.
She seemed very in control
of her life.
She told me she'd been clean
for five years.
Never alluded to
anything made you feel like
- she was crying out for help?
- No.
Honestly. this whole thing comes
as a complete shock to me.
Well. thank you.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor. thank you.
And I'm genuinely sorry
for your loss.
I will show you out.
Say you wanted
to commit suicide. right.
so you jumped off the roof.
Do you think you would have
enough time to change your mind.
turn around. and grab something?
Mm. probably not. Why?
Because this autopsy report
says that she had bruising
and scratching inside her hand
as if she was trying
to grab something.
Hmm. So what does that mean?
That means that she was
hanging onto something
before she fell.
Mm. Maybe it was an accident.
Maybe she slipped.
Or maybe she was pushed.
Maybe she was helped.
And the Brandi girl.
find anything on her?
Her report. I checked it out.
She was a model.
She got arrested a few times...
DUI. possession.
But part of her probation
was that she had to be admitted
to a drug treatment program
five years ago.
But get this.
She was addicted
to cocaine and alcohol.
She had never done heroin.
Five years later. she ODs?
I don't know. Detective.
Maybe it's beginner's luck.
You're not funny. man.
This is serious.
Alright. Talk to me.
Both of the girls went to school
together. they grew up together.
Two girls go to school together.
they both commit suicide.
I know. it's a strange
circumstance. It happens.
I'm not buying that. I'm not.
My gut tells me
something ain't right.
Detective Patterson.
we need you.
Yeah? Alright. one second.
You might be onto
something here. Detective.
Let me know.
Alright. what's up?
We got a multiple
homicide situation.
I'm sorry to call you
down here on such short notice.
Note that this is being
recorded for the record.
Tell me again about
your conversation with Miranda
before she died.
She told me about
her new boyfriend.
We talked about our lives.
I mean. not much.
She didn't seem suicidal?
No. no. Not at all.
Quite the opposite. actually.
She seemed really happy.
Both were your friends.
That's... That's devastating.
I want to know w-what's
your thoughts on that?
All I know is Miranda
was a great friend.
She didn't deserve it.
Brandi on the other hand. she...
Oh. you had a problem
with Brandi?
That's not what I said.
Why would you say
"on the other hand"?
One deserves it.
it seems like you're implying
someone deserved to die.
What I meant was that she wasn't
the nicest person in the world
growing up. that is all.
Where you from?
You from the hood?
I was raised in Maryland. went
to college in South Carolina.
Not so sure about
the other girls
other than they were
my wife's friends.
What was your relationship
like with Brandi?
I've known her since childhood.
Knew her since childhood.
And then we lost contact
after high school.
She got a modeling contract
and then left the country.
I mean. I hadn't
seen her in years.
Until you saw her
at... at the funeral.
Correct.
So where were you the night
that Miranda got murdered?
I'm sorry. excuse me.
Allegedly committed suicide?
At home.
Nicole called me
when she first heard it.
She called you first.
Yes. She called me first.
You don't know anybody who would
want either of these women dead?
No.
Thank you. Mrs. Taylor.
You're free to go.
Not guilty.
Nicole. have a seat.
Look. the partners and I
feel it's best that
while you're going through
this rough patch.
you take some time off.
Wait. Roger. are you firing me?
Of course not.
You're my best attorney.
Just lately you're not
mentally here.
I mean. you... you missed
a couple of staff meetings.
You've been late a few times.
It's not you.
Yeah. look. I-I have been
dealing with a lot.
- But I can fix it. I promise.
- Nicole.
You lost your first case
in years today.
Your head's not in the game. and
I cannot afford any mistakes.
Roger. I started here
as a temp 10 years ago.
I've given this company
everything.
This... This place is my life.
That's why we're
giving you a paid leave.
Think of it as the vacation
you've been wanting to take.
Roger. please.
Till this whole thing
blows over. okay?
Great.
Been meaning
to clean out this closet
ever since Brian and I moved in.
I've just been
so busy with work.
- haven't had the time. you know?
- I've seen.
Well. now you have
all the time in the world.
It's not like you got to go back
to work today or tomorrow.
Yeah.
What's wrong. Nicole?
I don't know.
You know. I just can't look
at Brian in the same way.
I don't want to believe
that he's cheating on me.
Brian is a loner.
I mean. technically.
you are all that he has.
Look. if you really feel
like the man is cheating on you.
we can call my cousin Jerell.
he can come over here.
beat his ass.
and we can just
get it handled. okay?
- You are a hot mess.
- I know. and I got your back.
- Oh. my God.
- What? Ahh.
There is some serious
blackmail material in here.
Mm-hmm.
- Let's see.
- Let's see. let's see.
Ha! Look at your hair.
Unh-unh. Why did your mom
do you like that?
Look. you know yours
is just as bad.
Oh. no. I burned
my yearbook picture.
Middle school was
the worst years of my life.
Ah. yeah. tell me about it.
I couldn't wait to get
to high school.
Okay. yeah. high school.
I was cute.
Look at Miranda.
She was so cute.
- I'm sorry. Nicole.
- Yeah.
Well. and Brandi.
she looks the same.
She's been beautiful
her whole life. damn.
Oh. I see why y'all
looked up to her.
Oh. wow.
Piggy Pete.
- Hmm.
- Peter Wells.
Now. that boy
was in love with me.
Oh. I remember you
telling me about him.
the little fat boy that was
crazy about you at the camp.
Yeah.
Gosh. we were
awful to him as kids.
Put him down. he can't swim!
He can't swim!
- Put him in the water!
- He can't swim!
- Nicole!
He can't swim!
Stop!
What y'all in here
talking about?
- What's up. Brian?
- What's up?
We were just looking at my
old middle school yearbook.
Oh. no.
Oh. my goodness. let me see.
Let me see this.
Ohh. babe. you were so cute.
Look at that.
And even more beautiful now.
Whoa. wait. is that little fat
boy you said had a crush on you?
Ah. yeah.
We were terrible to him.
Called him Piggy Peter
because he was overweight.
Young girls are so harsh.
Well. he had his chance
and now you all mine.
I'm off to work.
You ladies be good. alright?
Bye. babe.
Hey.
You be sure and take care of her
while I'm gone. alright?
- I got you.
- Okay.
Okay.
- Do you think he heard us?
- I hope not.
Okay. look. I've been
doing some research.
and I found out
where the girl works.
- Stop.
- That old bar.
Girl. we need to go
up there and regulate.
- I got my bat in the car.
- Relax. Stop being dramatic.
I was thinking more like
we call.
You know. I just want to
find out what's going on.
- I don't want to cause a scene.
- Call.
Okay.
Federal Bar and Grill.
May I help you?
- Hi. can I speak to Paige?
- Who's calling?
Tell her it's an old friend.
- Paige.
- Yeah?
Who is it?
She said it's an old friend.
Hello. This is Paige.
Hey. Paige. you need
to watch your back. ho.
What are you doing?
Girl. look.
if you want to do this.
you need to do it the right way.
okay?
Go up there
and bust this nigga out.
Put on your sneakers.
Alright. Jared.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Alright. have a good one.
Hey. babe. you coming to bed?
Nicole?
Ah. yeah. This is...
- It's not what it looks like.
- It's not what it looks like?
No. it's not
what it looks like. baby.
My friends are dying.
and you leave me here alone
while you're running around town
cheating on me
with some other woman?
I am not cheating with you
with some other woman.
I saw her leaving
your mother's house. Brian.
- I can explain that.
- You can explain that?
Well. can you explain why I saw
the two of your arguing
in some random apartment garage?
You've been lying to me.
telling me you're going out
of town on business trips
when really
you've been seeing her.
Will you just stop it. okay?
Now. I know what this looks
like. but this is not that.
- Really?
- Really. it's not.
- Yeah.
Okay. So who is she?
Who is she?
Okay. first of all.
I'm not cheating on you.
Okay?
Now. yes. I do know this woman.
But it's not what you think.
We work together.
You're lying. You are lying.
Babe. okay. listen.
You got to trust me.
I would not...
You want me to trust you?
When you've never even mentioned
this random beautiful women
who you work with.
who knows your mother?
Because I knew
how you would react.
I can't even look
at you right now.
Okay. alright.
You want the truth?
- Yeah. I want the truth.
- Okay. truth time.
She told me she was
going to hurt you
if I didn't sleep with her.
Oh. so you did sleep with her.
- No. I did not sleep... I...
- Yes. you did!
No. I didn't.
You slept with her.
No. I didn't. babe.
I'm going to say this
one last time.
I did not touch that woman.
You must think I'm an idiot.
Now. you either believe me
or you don't.
- Well. I don't.
- Okay.
Well. she's crazy. Nicole. Yeah.
And she's capable of a lot.
I was trying to protect you.
You were trying to protect me?
- Then you should have been here!
- Okay.
You know what? Just... Just go.
Just go. Just leave.
- Babe. listen to me.
- Get off of me.
Get out of here now.
Okay. Alright.
- Nicole. would I...
- Get out of here!
So I followed her.
and sure enough.
she was there to meet Brian.
So what happened?
I watched them from my car.
They were arguing.
I don't know about what.
I got really upset so I left.
And then Brian came home from
his "out of town" business trip.
and we had this huge argument.
and I had to kick him out.
- You kick... You kicked him out?
- Yep.
Oh. my God.
Did you tell Tammy?
Tammy? No.
- Brian would be dead.
- Yeah.
I'm really sorry.
Okay. you know what?
Let's drink some wine.
Everything's going to be fine.
Here you go.
I love you.
I love you too.
Thanks for coming.
No problem.
That's my girl.
Come on. This is good.
You're going to love it.
I hope you know
I'm spending the night.
Yes. please. of course.
I'm not letting you drive
after all this wine.
- Right?
- It'll be just like
when we had our sleepovers
when we were kids.
Remember when we used to. like.
try and pick which boys
were going to be our husbands?
You remember
I was in love with Usher?
He was my husband.
- Yes. he was.
- Mrs. Usher.
I think you were
obsessed with him. actually.
Do you remember when my mom
took me to a concert
when I was 16. and I fainted
after the first song?
- Yep. I do.
- Oh. my God.
Okay. okay. but do you remember
when I was married
to Batman from Immature?
- Oh. my God.
- We had a wedding and everything
and then I found out he was
Roger from "Sister. Sister."
and then we got a divorce.
But I did... I did have
that pillow with his face
spray-painted on it
that I used to cuddle.
- You wouldn't let anyone else...
- No.
...sleep on it.
- Oh. my God. those days.
- We were crazy back then.
Yeah.
But we always had
each other's backs though.
No matter what.
Remember the deal.
Nicole.
You still have to kiss him.
It's the only way
that this will work.
Are you crazy?
I'm not kissing Piggy Pete.
I have a boyfriend.
Your boyfriend won't know.
Nicole. it's all good.
We got your back.
- You're not in this alone.
- Mm-hmm.
Don't you want
to be in the club?
Yeah. Nicole.
Okay. I'll be in the club.
I did not want to kiss him.
Brandi was such a bad influence
on our lives.
I don't know why
I ever listened to her.
Maybe I was scared of her.
I don't know.
Brandi. Miranda.
It's just so scary. you know?
Yeah.
But you know what?
We're going to be fine.
Bae. we have each other.
We have each other's back.
You got me. I got you.
Okay?
Yeah.
- What kind of wine is this?
- The good kind.
Oh. my God.
Darling.
Nothing less.
Ohh.
Sommer?
Now. I'm trying my best
to help you out here. Nicole.
I really am. but you know
how this looks. right?
What. you think I had something
to do with this? That's insane.
You were the last one
to see Miranda alive.
you were the last one
to see Brandi alive.
and you were in this house
when Sommer was murdered.
I mean. somebody must be
trying to frame me.
I apologize. but you got
to come down to the station.
She didn't do anything.
- What?
- We'll find out.
What is this?
Officer.
When we get her down there.
I'm gonna get it right into
my interrogation of her.
- Sir...
- What... What's happening here?
We're taking your wife down
for questioning.
Taking my wife?
Babe. Excu... Excuse...
Hello?
Get your hands off my wife.
What is going on?
Babe. are you alright?
Hey! Hey!
She'll be alright.
Babe? B...
I-I'm sorry for
the inconvenience. Mrs. Taylor.
You know your husband's waiting
down in the lobby for you.
He bailed you out.
But before you go.
I wanted to share this with you.
We found these
on the crime scene.
They look familiar?
You know anything about that?
- I have no clue.
- Mrs. Taylor.
You must tell me
everything you know
if you want me to help you.
P.
Paige.
Paige?
Yeah. I don't...
I don't know her last name.
My husband was having
an affair with her.
Ooh.
I can tell you
where she works.
He said that she
threatened to hurt me
if he didn't sleep with her.
Really?
Maybe that's what
the P stands for.
Paige.
Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
You're free to go. Mrs. Taylor.
Hey. babe.
Are you okay?
Anybody hurt you in there?
You... Are you alright?
- Are you ready?
- Yeah.
You leave me
and my wife alone. man.
I'm just doing my job. man.
Doing your job.
Obviously not good enough.
You better hope
you find this person
and catch 'em before I do.
Paige Campbell?
Who wants to know?
You've been served.
This is a temporary
restraining order issued
by the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's Office.
And you've been ordered to keep
a no less than 100-yard distance
away from
Mr. Brian Taylor
and Mrs. Nicole Taylor.
Do you understand.
Miss Campbell?
Yeah. but I haven't
done anything wrong.
Refusing to comply
just gets you arrested.
Take the package. Miss Campbell.
That's it. I'm placing you
under arrest right now
for striking an officer
of the law.
Give me my... Man. you put
that shit in my face.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can
and will be used against you
in a court of law.
Coffee?
Miranda Scott. Brandi Smith.
and Sommer Harris...
They felt your wrath.
Why'd you kill 'em?
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Yes. you do. Paige.
You sure do.
Or should I call you P?
I don't know what that is.
You had no right coming
to my place of business
disturbing me
with this nonsense.
I haven't done anything.
Oh. yes. you have. Paige.
You sure have.
You assaulted an officer.
You resisted arrest.
That's two things right there.
That's enough to lock you up.
I'd say.
You have no idea what you're
getting in the middle of.
You cops are so ignorant.
Well. why don't you
enlighten me. Paige?
I'm not saying anything more
without my attorney present.
Fine. You don't want to talk.
I don't want to talk either.
Just know that your fingerprints
is really all I need.
and you've been processed.
So if I was you.
I would start talking
real. real fast
before my ignorance
leads me to find out something
that you don't want me
to find out.
You think you're so smart.
don't you?
No?
Officer Mitchell.
Get her ass out of here.
Lock her up someplace else.
I need you to check the DNA
on these lip prints.
Okay. Give me a week.
maybe less.
- I give you a day.
- A day?
A day.
- A day. alright. a day.
- 24.
Alright. 24 hours.
I got you man. alright.
I have missed you so much.
And I'm really sorry.
you know that. right?
Yeah. I know.
Yeah. about the whole
Paige thing.
Mm. we don't even
have to go there.
No. no. yes. yes. I do.
I have to go there.
I am so sorry
I wasn't honest with you.
Yeah. well. look.
that's in the past.
Really. I just want to
forget about it and move on.
I made a promise
to be honest with you.
and I broke that promise.
And I will never make
that mistake again. ever.
Oh. we don't have to worry
about her anymore.
Detective Tucker
took care of it.
He took care... What?
Are you sure?
Oh. my God. That is...
That's great news. babe.
Oh. my... we can actually
just finally go back
to the way things were
before all this started.
- Yeah.
- Oh. my God. that's fantastic.
What?
I thought you told me that
this woman was taken care of?
I'm sorry. Mrs. Taylor.
but she was bailed out.
What?
Bailed out by who?
By an anonymous source.
We don't know.
An anonymous source.
This is absolutely insane.
How in the world am I supposed
to keep my wife safe
from this psycho woman
if you two won't help?
Huh? Huh?
I told you she was crazy. babe.
She's crazy.
What if Nicole was home alone?
Huh? What then?
She could have killed her.
Detective.
Is that what it's going to take.
somebody else needs to die
- before you do something?
- Hey. you better relax. man.
- Brian.
- You'd better relax.
- No. you relax.
- Brian. Brian.
You relax. Listen to me.
If something happens to my wife.
- man. I swear to God.
- Yeah. put your hands down.
You don't want to
threaten an officer.
- Stop.
- Okay. alright.
- Alright. okay.
- Brian. stop.
- I have this.
- Okay. Alright.
Look. you have her
on our security cameras twice.
We don't have proof that
it was her the first time.
She is clearly the one
who is doing this.
She's on camera. She's left
notes with her initials on them.
How much more proof
do you need?
All I can say is
I'm doing the best I can.
Well. your best
is not good enough.
You can leave now. Detective.
Fine.
We out of here.
Come here.
It's alright.
I got some really
interesting information.
So we ran the DNA sample
that you gave us.
Turns out Paige Campbell
isn't even her real name.
It's Samantha Wells.
That name mean anything to you?
No. Not at all.
'Cause that's all the
information I could dig up.
I hope it helps.
- Thanks.
- Any time.
Damn.
Hey. I need your help
getting a closed file.
You think you can
help me with that?
I told a friend I'd be there
to save her ass
when the time came.
and the time is now.
Why should I trust you?
Because I trust her.
Okay.
This is from Nicole.
Hope you guys find
what you're looking for.
Damn.
Samantha Wells
is Peter Wells' sister?
I never even knew
he had a sister.
Well. apparently nobody did.
When Peter was a baby
and Samantha was 3.
Mr. and Mrs. Wells adopted them.
I told him
the same thing.
Oh. hello. sir. May I help you?
Hi. ma'am.
I'm here for Samantha Wells.
Officer. what's the problem?
You're under arrest for
the murders of Miranda Scott.
Brandi Smith. and Sommer Harris.
What? What is this about?
What is happening?
I don't understand.
Elda. don't say another word.
Go back in the house
and call the lawyer.
Everything's going to be okay.
But I don't understand
what's going on here.
A few days after the incident
between you all
and Peter Wells
at the summer camp.
Peter Wells committed suicide.
A year later. Samantha's
living on the streets.
and she's there for a while.
but she ended up back
in the foster care system.
But after that. no one heard
of her until last year
when she moved back to LA under
the name of Paige Campbell.
Oh. my God.
She probably blamed us
for her brother's death.
Probably.
Killing and trying to make it
look like a suicide.
She wanted you
to know it was her.
She wanted to take my husband
away from me as payback.
Listen. You said you and your
friends played a joke on Peter?
Who exactly was there?
It was Miranda. Brandi.
Sommer. and myself.
You were going to be the fourth.
- She was saving you for last.
- Officer!
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you cannot afford one.
one will be provided for you
by the court.
Do you understand your rights?
I don't even know what
precinct you're taking her to.
Could you at least tell me that?
Ma'am. please go back inside.
Oh. this is just ridiculous!
Ridiculous!
I'm going to call
somebody for you. baby.
God. this is a nightmare.
Well. the nightmare's
over now. okay?
We got Samantha.
We good.
She won't be hurting
nobody no time soon.
"We the jury find
the defendant. Samantha Wells.
on count one. first-degree
murder of Miranda Scott. guilty.
On count two. we the jury
find the defendant.
Samantha Wells.
in the charge of murder
in the first degree
of Brandi Smith. guilty.
On count three. we the jury find
the defendant. Samantha Wells.
in the charge of murder
in the first degree
of Sommer Harris. guilty."
Samantha Wells. you have been
found guilty on all counts.
Sentencing will be
at a later date.
Court is adjourned.
All rise for
the Honorable Judge Atwood.
Congratulations.
And I'm sorry for being
such a jerk. man.
It's just my wife's safety's
the most important thing to me.
you know?
Nah. nah. nah. it's okay.
I'm just happy y'all safe now.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. me too.
Thank you. Detective.
No. thank you.
Thank you.
You got it. man.
There she is.
You all ready to go. babe?
- Bag is packed. face is on.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Just have to put my dress on.
and then I'm all yours.
Oh. well. I made
your favorite tea.
- Aww.
- Boom.
Can you believe it?
Four years ago. babe.
I married the most beautiful
woman in the entire world.
- Happy anniversary.
Mm. Well. guess what?
- Hmm?
- What?
I have an entire night
planned for you.
And I know everything's been
a bit of a train wreck lately.
but just for tonight I want us
to just forget about everything.
focus on us.
- I like that idea.
- Mm.
Drink up now. Drink it up.
You need some energy
for what we doing tonight.
- Ooh?
- Uh-huh.
It's a surprise.
I love surprises.
Yeah?
Oh. hey. Kenny.
Okay. Sure.
You got to be kidding me.
Nicole?
Come out.
come out wherever you are.
Brian?
Nicole.
Nicole. come out
wherever you are.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Hurry up. come on.
Nicole! It's Detective Tucker!
Hey!
Hey! Hi!
Is everything okay?
I actually... I live next door.
No. no. I'm looking
for Brian and Nicole.
Actually it's their anniversary.
so they may be gone.
Do you know where they are?
You got me there.
No. I don't. I'm sorry.
Jesus.
Damn it.
I hope everything's
going to be okay.
Geez.
Come on.
Piggy Pete.
Nicole?
This is where
I had my first kiss.
It was with you.
Peter.
So. you figured it out.
I don't understand.
We were just kids.
We didn't mean to hurt you.
No. Don't act all innocent.
Nicole.
You... You guys. you know
what you did out there.
You know what you did to me.
You killed me. Nicole.
you and your little friends.
Wait. this one. alright.
Peter. wake up!
Nicole's in trouble.
- Come on. hurry.
- I'm coming.
- Nicole! Come on. let's go!
- Come on. jump!
- Come on. she's drowning!
- Save her!
- She's drowning!
- She can't swim!
Help!
I can't swim!
You guys. if he keeps shouting.
we're saving him.
We have to. Sommer.
go get help now.
Okay. okay.
- I'm out of here.
- Help!
Brandi. we can't let him drown.
Help me get him out of here.
I'm sorry. Nicole.
You're on your own.
I cannot get in trouble
for this.
Don't leave me here.
Peter! Peter.
it's going to be okay.
I'm sorry.
Peter. grab my hand.
I jumped in that water
to save you. Nicole.
and you let me drown.
No. No. that's...
That's not what happened.
You have this all wrong.
But you can't kill me.
I'm... I was too strong.
Yeah.
He's still not breathing.
We need to rush him to the ER.
You stopped breathing.
but you would have died
if I didn't try to save you.
You know I tried
to kill myself that summer?
Yeah.
Samantha.
she found me in the room.
Alone. bleeding
from my wrist.
And our foster parents.
they were...
they were going to put me away.
So she took me and we...
we just... we ran.
We ran away.
And we were on the street
alone for months
before they found us again.
and then back into the system
we went. you know?
Two kids. just nowhere to go.
And that's... that's kind of
when everything really
just changed for us.
- Elda.
- Mm-hmm.
Ding. ding. ding.
ding. ding. ding.
Oh. Elda.
She was... She was so nice.
She... She... She took us in.
and we were...
She gave me a new name.
And gave us new life. you know?
Like. I really started
to feel good about myself.
And I was healing.
Until that one day years later.
I... I saw you. saw you.
you and your...
your... your friends
just passing by me
at your school and...
That's when it hit me.
I decided to make it my purpose
to get my revenge.
And I wasn't...
Piggy Pete anymore.
I was Brian Taylor.
How is this possible?
How is it possible?
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. it was...
it was so easy.
I was there
the whole entire time.
you know. throughout
high school. college.
You just can't even notice me.
The entire time.
I-I-I just followed you.
I knew your every move
better than you did.
I knew you'd message me back.
I knew what to say.
I knew exactly what you wanted
to hear. Nicole.
what you needed to hear.
And then we met again.
For the first time.
A-And now. you know.
I went through so much.
Things a-a-a child should
never have to experience.
All because of you.
You. Brandi. and Miranda.
and Sommer.
And they all got
what the deserved.
Now it's your turn.
Nicole!
Doesn't have to end like this.
We could start
a new life. Nicole.
I love you.
I...
Nicole. where are...
Nicole!
Oh!
Hey. Hey. Nicole.
It's... It's me.
It's me. Peter.
Do you remember? Huh?
Yeah. you remember.
You s... You saved me once.
Yeah.
Now. who's... who's...
who's going to save you?
Brian. Peter. Don't do this.
Don't... Don't do this? Don't...
You know that I've...
I've been...
I've been waiting all these
years for... for today.
This exact moment.
This very moment.
Always and forever. baby.
Peter. please.
Nicole.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Need you to check on her.
Always...
And forever.